Variable Definitions:

Happiness score or subjective well-being (variable name life_ladder ): The survey
measure of SWB is from the Jan 20, 2023 release of the Gallup World Poll
(GWP) covering years from 2005 to 2022. Unless stated otherwise, it is the national
average response to the question of life evaluations. The English wording
of the question is “Please imagine a ladder, with steps numbered from 0 at the
bottom to 10 at the top. The top of the ladder represents the best possible life
for you and the bottom of the ladder represents the worst possible life for you.
On which step of the ladder would you say you personally feel you stand at this
time?” This measure is also referred to as Cantril life ladder, or just life ladder
in our analysis.

The statistics of GDP per capita (variable name gdp) in purchasing power parity
(PPP) at constant 2017 international dollar prices are from World Development
Indicators (WDI, version 17, metadata last updated on Jan 22, 2023). The GDP
figures for Taiwan, Syria, Palestine, Venezuela, Djibouti and Yemen are from
the Penn World Table 10.01.
– GDP per capita in 2022 are not yet available as of January 2023. We extend
the GDP-per-capita time series from 2021 to 2022 using country-specific
forecasts of real GDP growth in 2022 first from the OECD Economic Outlook No. 112
 (November 2022) and then, if missing, forecasts from World
Bank’s Global Economic Prospects (Last Updated: 01/10/2023). The
GDP growth forecasts are adjusted for population growth with the subtraction of
2020-21 population growth as the projected 2021-22 growth.
A few countries/territories have their GDP figures from the Penn World
Table that ends in 2019. We derive their 2020-2022 GDP values based on
the 2019 values and the projected growth rates if they are available.

Healthy Life Expectancy (healthy_life). Healthy life expectancies at birth are based
on the data extracted from the World Health Organization’s (WHO) Global
1
Health Observatory data repository (Last updated: 2020-12-04). The data at
the source are available for the years 2000, 2010, 2015 and 2019. To match this
report’s sample period (2005-2021), interpolation and extrapolation are used.

Social support (or having someone to count on in times of trouble; social_support) is the national
average of the binary responses (either 0 or 1) to the GWP question “If you
were in trouble, do you have relatives or friends you can count on to help you
whenever you need them, or not?”

Freedom to make life choices (life_choices_freedom) is the national average of responses to the GWP
question “Are you satisfied or dissatisfied with your freedom to choose what
you do with your life?”

Generosity (generosity) is the residual of regressing national average of response to the GWP
question “Have you donated money to a charity in the past month?” on GDP
per capita.

Corruption Perception (corruption): The measure is the national average of the survey responses to
two questions in the GWP: “Is corruption widespread throughout
the government or not” and “Is corruption widespread within businesses or
not?” The overall perception is just the average of the two 0-or-1 responses. In
case the perception of government corruption is missing, we use the perception
of business corruption as the overall perception. The corruption perception at
the national level is just the average response of the overall perception at the
individual level.

Positive affect (positive_affect) is defined as the average of three positive affect measures in
GWP: laugh, enjoyment and doing interesting things in the Gallup World Poll
waves 3-7. These measures are the responses to the following three questions,
respectively: “Did you smile or laugh a lot yesterday?”, and “Did you experience
the following feelings during A LOT OF THE DAY yesterday? How about
Enjoyment?”, “Did you learn or do something interesting yesterday?”

Negative affect (negative_affect) is defined as the average of three negative affect measures in
GWP. They are worry, sadness and anger, respectively the responses to “Did
you experience the following feelings during A LOT OF THE DAY yesterday?
How about Worry?”, “Did you experience the following feelings during A LOT
OF THE DAY yesterday? How about Sadness?”, and “Did you experience the
following feelings during A LOT OF THE DAY yesterday? How about Anger?”

Source: https://worldhappiness.report/data/